QUESTIONNUMBER 40QUESTION 11Consider the above state transition diagram of a switch. Which of the following represents an invalid state transition? 
OFF to ON 
ON to OFF FAULT to ON They are all valid transitions. ---Answer: C
QUESTION 20Peer Reviews are also called: Inspection Walkthrough Technical Review Formal Review ---Answer: CQUESTION 30Which of the following will be the best definition for Testing:  The goal / purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program works. The purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program is defect free.  The purpose of testing is to demonstrate that the program does what it is supposed to do. Testing is executing Software for the purpose of finding defects. ---Answer: D
QUESTION 40Benefits of Independent Testing are:  Independent testers are much more qualified than Developers  Independent testers see different defects and are unbiased. Independent Testers cannot identify defects. Independent Testers can test better than developers ---Answer: B
QUESTION 55Consider the following statements:   ii is True; i, iii, iv & v are False i & v are True; ii, iii & iv are False ii & iii are True; i, iv & v are False ii, iii & iv are True; i & v are False ---Answer: D
QUESTION 60Which of the following has highest level of independence in which test cases are: Designed by persons who write the software under test Designed by a person from a different section Designed by a person from a different organization Designed by another person ---Answer: C
QUESTION 70The structure of an incident report is covered in the Standard for Software Test Documentation IEEE 829 and is called as: Anomaly Report Defect Report Test Defect Report Test Incident Report ---Answer: A
QUESTION 80Which of the following is not a type of incremental testing approach? Top down Big-bang Bottom up Functional incrementation ---Answer: B
QUESTION 99Defects discovered by static analysis tools include:i , ii, iii, iv are correct  iii is correct I, ii, iv are incorrect i ,ii, iii and iv are incorrect iv, ii is correct ---Answer: A
QUESTION 100Test Conditions are derived from: Specifications Test CasesTest DataTest Design---Answer: A
QUESTION 1111Deciding How much testing is enough should take into account : i,ii,iii are true and iv is false i,iv are true and ii is false i,ii are true and iii,iv are false ii,iii,iv are true and i is false ---Answer: C
QUESTION 1212Success Factors for a review include:   ii, iii, iv are correct and i is incorrect iii , i , iv are correct and ii is incorrect i , iii , iv , ii are incorrect ii is incorrect ---Answer: A
QUESTION 130Functional system testing is: Testing that the system functions with other systems Testing that the components that comprise the system function together Testing the end to end functionality of the system as a whole Testing the system performs functions within specified response times ---Answer: C
QUESTION 140Which of the following uses Impact Analysis most? Component testing Non-functional system testing User acceptance testing Maintenance testing ---Answer: D
QUESTION 1515What is the expected result for each of the following test cases?   A-Citibank card member, holding a Silver room. B-Non Citibank-member, holding a Platinum room A – Don’t offer any upgrade, B – Don’t offer any upgrade. A – Don’t offer any upgrade, B – Offer upgrade to Gold. A – Offer upgrade to Silver, B – Offer upgrade to Silver. A – Offer upgrade to Gold, B – Don’t offer any upgrade. ---Answer: D
QUESTION 160The Provision and Management of a controlled library containing all the configurations items is called:  Configuration Control Status Accounting Configuration Identification Test Identification ---Answer: A
QUESTION 170We use the output of the requirement analysis, the requirement specification as the input for writing: User Acceptance Test Cases Integration Level Test Cases Unit Level Test Cases Program specifications ---Answer: A
QUESTION 180Which of the following techniques is NOT a black box technique? State transition testing LCSAJ (Linear Code Sequence and Jump) Syntax testing Boundary value analysis (BVA) ---Answer: B
QUESTION 190One of the fields on a form contains a text box which accepts alphabets in lower or upper case. Identify the invalid Equivalence class value. CLASS CLASS CLass CLa01ss ---Answer: D
QUESTION 2020Features of White Box Testing Technique : i, ii are true and iii and iv are false  iii is true and i,ii, iv are false ii ,iii is true and i,iv is false iii and iv are true and i,ii are false ---
Answer: A
QUESTION 210In a system designed to work out the tax to be paid:   An employee has £4000 of salary tax free. The next £1500 is taxed at 10% The next £28000 is taxed at 22% Any further amount is taxed at 40% Which of these groups of numbers would fall into the same equivalence class? £4800; £14000; £28000 £5200; £5500; £28000 £28001; £32000; £35000 £5800; £28000; £32000 ---Answer: D
QUESTION 2222Validation involves which of the following  i,ii,iii,iv are true ii is true and i,iii,iv are false i,ii,iii are true and iv is false iii is true and i,ii,iv are false ---Answer: B
QUESTION 230Minimum Tests Required for Statement Coverage and Branch Coverage : Read P Read Q If p+q > 100 then Print “Large” End if If p > 50 then Print “pLarge” End if Statement coverage is 2, Branch Coverage is 2 Statement coverage is 3 and branch coverage is 2 Statement coverage is 1 and branch coverage is 2 Statement Coverage is 4 and Branch coverage is 2 ---Answer: C
QUESTION 2424Which of the following is the task of a Test Lead / Leader?    i, ii, iii is true and iv is false ii,iii,iv is true and i is false i is true and ii,iii,iv are false iii and iv is correct and i and ii are incorrect ---Answer: A
QUESTION 2525Regression testing should be performed:   
i & ii are true, iii, iv & v are false ii, iii & iv are true, i & v are false ii & iv are true, i, iii & v are false ii is true, i, iii, iv & v are false ---Answer: C
QUESTION 260Evaluating testability of the requirements and system are a part of which phase: Test Analysis and Design Test Planning and control Test Implementation and execution Evaluating exit criteria and reporting ---Answer: A
QUESTION 270Which of the following is not phase of the Fundamental Test Process? Test Planning and Control Test implementation and Execution Requirement Analysis Evaluating Exit criteria and reporting ---Answer: C
QUESTION 2828Which of the following helps in monitoring the Test Progress: 
iv is correct and i, ii, iii are incorrect i, ii, iii are correct and iv is incorrect i, ii are correct and iii, iv are incorrect i, iv are correct and ii , iii are incorrect ---Answer: A
QUESTION 290The Kick Off phase of a formal review includes which of the following : Explaining the objective  Fixing defects found typically done by author Follow up Individual Meeting preparations ---
Answer: A
QUESTION 300Which of the following is true about White and Black Box Testing Technique?Equivalence partitioning, Decision Table and Control flow are White box Testing Techniques.Equivalence partitioning , Boundary Value Analysis , Data Flow are Black Box Testing Techniques.Equivalence partitioning , State Transition , Use Case Testing are black box Testing Techniques.Equivalence Partitioning , State Transition , Use Case Testing and Decision Table are White Box Testing Techniques.
---
Answer: C
QUESTION 3131Which of the following is a part of Test Closure Activities? 
i , ii , iv are true and iii is false i , ii , iii are true and iv is false i , iii , iv are true and ii is false All are true ---Answer: B
QUESTION 3232The selection of a test approach should consider the context : 
i,ii,iii,iv are true i,ii,iii are true and iv is false ii,iii,iv are true and i is false i,iv are true and ii, iii are false ---Answer: B
QUESTION 330Minimum Test Required for Statement Coverage : Disc = 0 Order-qty = 0 Read Order-qty If Order-qty >=20 then Disc = 0.05 If Order-qty >=100 then Disc =0.1 End if End if Statement coverage is 4 Statement coverage is 1  Statement coverage is 3 Statement Coverage is 2 ---
Answer: B
QUESTION 340Repeated Testing of an already tested program, after modification, to discover any defects introduced or uncovered as a result of the changes in the software being tested or in another related or unrelated software component: Re-Testing  Confirmation Testing Regression Testing  Negative Testing ---Answer: C
QUESTION 3535Exit Criteria may consist of : 
iv is correct and i,ii,iii are incorrect i,ii,iii is correct and iv is incorrect ii is correct and i,ii,iii are incorrect iii and iv are correct and i,ii are incorrect ---
Answer: B
QUESTION 3636Test planning has which of the following major tasks?  
i,ii,iv are true and iii is falsei,iv are true and ii is falsei,ii are true and iii,iv are falseii,iii,iv are true and i is false---
Answer: A
QUESTION 370Drivers are also known as:  i.Spade, ii.Test harness, iii.Scaffolding i , ii are true and iii is false i , iii are true and ii is false ii , iii are true and i is false All of the above are true ---
Answer: C
QUESTION 3838Match every stage of the software Development Life cycle with the Testing Life cycle: 
i-d , ii-a , iii-c , iv-b i-c , ii-d , iii-a , iv-b i-b , ii-a , iii-d , iv-c i-c , ii-a , iii-d , iv-b ---Answer: D
QUESTION 390In case of Large Systems: Only few tests should be run Testing should be on the basis of Risk Only Good Test Cases should be executed Test Cases written by good test engineers should be executed ---
Answer: B
QUESTION 400Impact Analysis helps to decide: How much regression testing should be done. Exit Criteria How many more test cases need to written. Different Tools to perform Regression Testing---Answer: A
